## Why
OWASP's Application Security Verification Standard [OWASP ASVS](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Application_Security_Verification_Standard_Project) is a prescriptive controls matrix which offers a certification level based on incrementally more strict control objectives. Agreeing to a certification can enable your team to have a rallying point over what controls are necessary within your project. These controls can be used to craft testable user stories and test criteria developed as part of a TDD practice. The levels (1-3) increase in breadth and depth from 1 - Opportunistic, 2 - Standard and 3 Advanced. Level 0 can be customised, and is being explored by TELUS Digital Security team. Having a standardised methodology for evaluating the security posture of projects will enable a more consistent security practice, regardless of who is involved. Additionally, having a standard will enable a common currency for the interchange of ideas and design patterns.

## What
Agreeing to an ASVS Security Level  objective at the inception of your project can ensure all the security concerns are flushed out over the course of your project. 
## How
Through the creation of User stories and Evil User stories, based off the control objectives (and violation of control objectives) determined from the ASVS level agreed to in the What section. Doing so can ensure the requisite security concern space is entirely serviced, and no gaps exist. Formalizing this discussion enables a common understanding that can be socialized with the team as a common objective. Wherever possible these stories should have a testable element with acceptance criteria.With your team, identify the control objective your project is intent on achieving  (1-3). Thereafter use this level and it's prescribed controls to craft user stories and evil user stories ensuring the prescribed controls are serviced and testable. When used in conjunction with a formalized threat modelling activity [Threat Modelling](threat-modelling.md) a robust plan can be developed for informing a [Penetration Testing Engagement](pen-testing.md) The best way to begiun this process is to meet as a team after the architecture is developed, and determine an ASVS control level to aspire to based on the Sensitivity of your project and it's requisite data. 
## Who
Product Owners should consult with their assigned security team resource to identify an appropriate level to aspire to. Therafter, a Product Owner should consult with their team socializing the level expected and work to craft user stories and evil user stories as necessary to satisfy the respective control objectives.
## References
 * Evil User stories: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Agile_Software_Development:_Don%27t_Forget_EVIL_User_Stories
